[Music]
welcome back to let's play at lear
ferris my name is karsten
so gathered up some materials and went
back to plushtime
so now the next step is to
synthesize that big furnace thing
72 hours total quality between 4000 and
[Music]
um these
and i'm leaving the 40 metals to last
because that's going to give me
[Music]
the most control as far as if i need to
fiddle with the quality
[Music]
now this is going to be annoying um i
guess
some of those
with that a couple of those
church channels no paper there we go
get a bunch of those in
some of that
a couple of these
[Music]
one of those because i'm not 100 cert
well the paper i should be able to
get a lot of easily because i can find
that in towns and stuff
um
this is one of these all right now sort
by quality
once i need to get 40 of these and get a
bunch of quality out of it
okay okay i'm good with quality
i should be good with quality
no we don't um
so we'll take off these ones
i guess we are going to have to go with
more quality
[Music]
not quite okay sort by quality
all right so we'll take off some of
these lower quality ones
i have to use some of the higher quality
stuff
[Music]
that that one
that
[Music]
there we go
and we'll toss one of those okay just
barely making the quality
but that's okay
let's go for it
i made it with no problem okay
so that's made runs in the sea well i
would hope it would
considering what we're using it for
i should have way more xp for that the
furnace is done
with this we can cross the water spout
good work
you've managed to come so far yeah now
we just need to give the price to kai
and have them assemble the ship
come on leah let's go see kai
[Music]
alright next up we will go see kai as it
says
um yeah that's the
closest it gets me to there and i found
out why i wasn't able to run before is
because i was using
trying to hold down r2 i need to hold
down r1
he's there 24 hours a day right
okay i found some more finding
and jump to there
hello guess what i found or made
oh you're here everything's ready on our
end we're all set
i brought everything we need too i see
then leave the rest to us
we'll build a grand chip that won't be
beat by some measly water spout
i'll drop by and let you know when the
ship's done just relax until then ferris
it won't be long now before the ship's
done i just have to wait and believe in
kai
everyone worked their hardest on this
it'll be okay i'm sure
okay next up we need to wait how
exciting
can i not get to there i have to go
around this way
things are really tasty
like i said fish and clams and i got a
snail and a crab
all right skip at least
some of this area
[Music]
all right um i guess we just
wait
so let's head back here i guess we can
get some crafting in or something
then what else we're gonna do while we
wait
what should i make so what should we
[Music]
don't make pure oil for that
let's uh take a look and see if there's
any recipe ideas that need us to craft
more stuff
used um made ingots
gathered wood gathered flowers defeated
ghosts
catching fish gathered plant oil
gathering bush strawberries
defeated liches
[Music]
so i guess we can make some more
i ingots
[Music]
ingots let's just favorite that since we
make it a lot
[Music]
okay
we thought we yeah we can use these
things for it
i need to get more stuff that works as
fuel though
[Music]
which traits should i choose um
i'll do that
and make some more
is this a catalyst okay let's start
this goes here i'll put this here this
goes here we go
[Music]
what should i make let's make uh one
more set of ingots i think we're almost
to the
to making a level on those so let's see
if we can uh
we can do that can maybe use some of
these
and a couple of those times
[Music]
now we get got rotate we can now rotate
on ingots
and we make more of them at a time so
that's cool
um why is that not
made ingot nine
a couple four so maybe i need to make it
with couple four
maybe i should read these more carefully
what material should i use what is
cooper4
it's this stuff okay
[Music]
yeah we're not going to be able to hit
the quality on it but that's okay
not worried too much about it material
set
this goes here this goes here
okay good enough
[Music]
now does that update at all
it really doesn't really doesn't go into
a lot of detail on it
let's make an angel event
and a thread
[Music]
and a cloth oh
let's uh
let's make some more hand woven cloth i
[Applause]
[Music]
guess
okay
i'm used to making this now i'll scale
up on leather
[Music]
oh now it's time okay
fierce it's done and it's a grand ship
really we did it thank you so much guy
hey hold on save the thanks until after
you've seen it let's hurry over to the
[Music]
harbor
so what do you think it's pretty awesome
isn't it this is
greater than i expected yeah so this is
our ship
are shipped across the waterspout yeah
that's right
the ship is packed with all kinds of
things your hard work
and our hearts and souls along with the
thoughts of the other people a
magnificent ship like this won't lose to
some
water spout you think so too right
yeah i think so too all right as much as
i'd love to set sail now
i'm sure you have preparations to make
come talk to me when you're ready we can
head out at any time
i understand we'll hurry up and get
ready great i'll be waiting
my own ship it's nice to meet you
um preparation
let's go thank everyone for the parts of
the ship okay
so we've got to go talk to everyone
let's see who all do we need to thank
you thank eska and logie and
like basically every major named
character
there's esca
that's good remember the ship i told you
before it's done now
wow really let me see i can't really do
that here it's in the harbor right now
oh then i'll go look at it later i can't
wait
all right
and logie
[Music]
loji the ship i told you about before
it's done what that's surprising
i thought it sounded impossible i didn't
think you'd actually see it through
you think of things that seem
unreasonable you make them a reality
[Music]
all the alchemists i know are like that
that goes for the ones i knew in the
past and you
i guess you're right but this is great
now you'll be able to reach your goal
right
do your best i'll be cheering for you
[Music]
[Applause]
and let's check in here
i don't think there was anyone in here
though
no i mean there are but i haven't
recruited those characters yet
well i'm guessing that once your name
can be recruited i know the guy
obviously can
[Music]
teacher plata the ship across the water
spout it's done
wow so the time has finally come
congratulations ferris
yes you worked very hard yeah now we can
ride the ship together
huh oh yeah that's right what's wrong
teacher
no it's nothing nothing at all
[Music]
[Applause]
all right and in here
the ship's done really that's great good
work
looks like it was the right call to work
with you so
just making sure you let me ride on the
ship too right
of course thanks in that case i'll be
looking forward to riding on your ship
[Music]
all right where is the door there's the
door
now can we get to the other end of town
before nightfall
[Music]
congratulations ferris oh you started me
what do you mean
i'm talking about the ship of course
it's done now right
to tell the truth my big brother's been
really high spirits lately
he kept saying that he'll be sure to
make an amazing ship for you it was kind
of cool
oh my maya are you actually doting on
your older brother
that's wrong don't tease me lyanna but i
guess you two will be leaving soon
i'll be a little lonely i'll definitely
go see you off so you better pass that
exam promise
[Music]
and then we need to get over to the
lorenz atlear
[Music]
ren i already heard from kai
congratulations on completing the ship
do you intend to set sail right away
that's what we planned it'll be whenever
fierce is done getting ready though
i see i'll believe in the ship you
designed i'm sure we'll make it through
the water spout
i pray for your good fortune be careful
so uh you gonna get me a letter or not
[Music]
all right well i think we're basically
ready unless
[Music]
uh let's go thank everyone
who have i not thanked yet i mean i
guess kai but
[Music]
who else is there anyone else that
helped out with the ship
you didn't did you mine i don't think so
welcome to the observer very thank you
okay
um i guess let's go talk to kai and see
see what's next because i mean i think
i'm basically ready at this point
[Music]
so
oh let's fish once
[Music]
okay i got something
awesome all right
are you ready yes all right
then i'll go call everyone who's gonna
ride the ship wait just a little bit
sorry for the wave
huh so this is the ship that can cross
the water spout
it's a pretty good ship i like it
did you hear that isn't that great
beerus
[Music]
furis is something wrong um
hi where are miss sophia
i was sure you would notice you see i
went to let them know but
they said there's something they
absolutely have to do so they can't
board the ship
what i see
come on don't look so disappointed it's
hurting me just watching
hey kai you have that thing to give a
right oh that's right
here you go first it's a letter
it says from sophie to fears
from a teacher
dear ferris i'm sorry for sending such a
sudden letter
something that we absolutely have to do
is come up
that's why we can't ride the ship with
you i'm very sorry
but i was really happy to have met you
again in this town
i could see that you've been working
really hard to practice alchemy
if you keep going like this i'm sure
you'll pass the license exam
so
[Music]
hi can we set sail right away
huh yeah that's fine but is it all right
to leave sophie and blockta
yeah it's fine wait up you need to
finish reading the letter to us
i need to know
[Music]
[Applause]
it's a secret let's go both of you come
on hurry up
now she's suddenly all cheerful what
could be written in that one
who knows but i'm sure it was something
that made her really happy
now what's that sale it's time to face
that water spout
[Music]
hey wait hold up
so let's meet again in reisenberg
[Music]
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
my
[Applause]
[Music]
we made it we made it this is amazing
ferris
we really cross through that water spout
we really did it
huh oh yeah don't just stand there
dumbfounded
you should be happier about it
[Music]
i'm happy but i feel like i don't have
any energy
you can't really help that the water
spout was more than we expected after
all
you really did it ferris you created a
ship that could cross through that water
spout
you're so smart you really are the cute
smart little sister i'm so proud of
ow
hey we'll be reaching the opposite shore
soon get ready to disembark
[Music]
man that was really awesome we made it
through that water spout and hardly even
budged
i'll never forget this ship's gallant
image that's right
but i don't want to ever cross through a
water spout again
i feel the same i'm finally starting to
realize we cross through that big water
spout on the ship
yeah we're already on the other side of
the lake reisenberg isn't far from here
that's right do your best at the exam
both of you i'll be cheering for you
anyway i'll stay here for a while we
can't just leave the ship by itself oh
you aren't going back to flushing if i
do fears and everyone won't be able to
get back to the other side now will they
oh you're staying here for us
thank you kai hey don't act like this is
a big deal after all this
we crossed that water spout together
okay then i'll be going off on my own
around here
huh you aren't coming with ozil
what we'll probably bump into each other
somewhere anyway
that's true but um even if you make a
face like that i won't change my mind
i need to go bye-bye
[Music]
[Applause]
she left i think she was embarrassed
oh we wanted to travel with her i guess
we can't help it
let's get going too all right
just let me know when you want to return
to flu time
okay initial enthusiasm
and to reisenberg
and at the new frontier and do i
seriously not get a uh
recommendation letter from that
i mean come on if anything's worth the
recommendation letter it'd be doing that
oh that reminds me rin said that she
passed the license exam
maybe she can write a letter of
recommendation for me should i go back
now
but do whatever you want fear us
pondering where to go next is part of
the thrill of traveling
all right we're going to go back and get
that letter of recommendation darn it
[Music]
getting on the ship yes all right leave
it to me
okay well that at least was easy
what's that little dot on the oh that's
okay
[Music]
it's mortar you're so cute today too
okay i'll go back over here
[Music]
and uh hey ren could i maybe have a
letter please
[Music]
excuse me if i remember correctly you
were licensed alchemist right red
yes i am but why do you ask um if it's
all right with you i was wondering if
you could write me a letter of
recommendation
ah i'm sorry for being inconsiderate
that's right you ready to take the
license exam
i understand i'll write you a letter of
recommendation if you wish however
it will not be without conditions if i'm
to recommend you i must test your
capabilities
i understand that's exactly how i want
it
good and then take this to start please
make an item according to that recipe
and make sure to be very careful be very
careful okay i got it
seriously making the ship does not count
[Music]
first two i just help with errands and
now i make the ship and do other stuff
seriously well we will deal with that
later
so right now we'll just
end things for the moment now that we
can cross back and forth
now that i think about it i've come so
far how long has it been since i left
dartona
that reminds me i haven't eaten mom's
roast rabbit in a while
[Music]
huh i wanted to get out of town so much
and yet suddenly i'm feeling homesick
mom dad elder and everyone too i wonder
if they're doing okay
[Music]
oh dear
okay well that should be easy enough but
for right now
we'll save take a break hope you're
enjoying thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear fears
my name is carsten
so we had
yes we needed to synthesize a bomb
which should be easy oh i wanted to
double check
what the different that okay that's
movement synthesis
that increases materials while gathering
[Applause]
and it reduces lp consumption rate so
either one of these is good for
gathering but this is good for synth
okay
[Music]
okay yeah we can make this this is easy
it doesn't really even matter what we
use for this since it's quest item
i'll use one of these um
one of these or something i guess
uh some paper
[Applause]
and one of those sure
these are really weird actually let's
uh let's put that one there
that one can go there it's fine
[Music]
is this okay yeah sure that's fine
this is fine it says blau bom
i thought that was blue but it doesn't
look blue
[Music]
all right i'll give you level 21 now
the item from ren's recipe no matter how
i look at it it's a bomb isn't it
why did she give me an assignment like
this well no matter for now we need to
go show this to ren
and it looks like uh her eyeliner should
even be open
[Music]
ren i've made the item following your
recipe hmm
what are you so afraid of because this
thing is a bomb it'd be dangerous if it
exploded you know
yes if it exploded however as long as
you don't mishandle it there should be
no problems
first please give the item to me i will
take a look oh right here you go
thank you very much hmm you have
synthesized it with great care
i give you a passing score for
workmanship let's move on then
your next assignment is to go use this
bomb any monster can be your target
just make sure to use this bomb in
combat huh
all i have to do is use it really
correct that would be all
as soon as you finish report back to me
i pray for your success in battle
okay well that's easy enough can i
set it here
probably take one of these things off um
no i have to go back to the atlear
well still that's easy enough to deal
with
[Music]
maybe i'll go to the labyrinth and fight
one of those uh chimera things
maybe get some more
fears you seem pando down
not really i can see through everything
you're feeling homesick for a tona right
what how did you know
that's just the natural course everyone
goes through i did too
since you're feeling this way i have a
nice present here you go
a package and a letter first open the
package would you
sure huh are these clothes
yep next read the letter okay to my dear
daughter ferris wait is this
mom's hand ready yup she handed this to
me before we left
now read the rest okay yeah
by the time you read this letter you
will likely be far from artona i'm sorry
i couldn't allow you to leave
without protest i worried about you too
much and ended up hurting you
but that's why i can say this i want you
to go travel the world you always
dreamed of to your heart's content
of course i know you could be a crybaby
too there will probably come times when
your journey turns difficult
for times like that i made you these
clothes they're specially made with the
image of an alchemist in mind
wear these clothes and pass the exam
after that you should live your life
however you like
we'll always be supporting you love mom
and dad
it's not fair she should have told me
herself
she probably didn't know what to do
fierce will you try on these clothes
[Music]
do you think leah yes it looks very good
on you they're the close mom made after
all
i decided something i won't complain
anymore i won't go back home until i
pass the exam
after i become a licensed alchemist i'll
go back to town with a smile to tell
them i passed
yeah that's good mom probably wishes for
that too yep thanks mom i'll do my best
[Music]
obtained i'll come to stress okay
but what does it do
bonus allowing us to show up during
synthesis increase by one okay that's
nice
but um i'm gonna go with this for
traveling
and we want to
go to item equipment here
[Music]
and swap this one out for the new bomb
and we'll head over to the labyrinth see
if i can spot a chimera and
maybe get some more animal fur
[Music]
i wonder if that other outfit that
increases rare items also affects
item drops from enemies um
maybe it would be better to have that
one in that case but oh well
the floor is collapsing in some areas be
careful not to fall
well i will go over
here
[Music]
come
oh there's two of them well i'd
definitely be using an item even if i
wasn't planning on
okay that will only hit one of them at
once
okay i'll start with this one here
[Music]
okay
i can hit both of them there
[Music]
and then my blade
go ahead and do thousand shots
all right um
that's only single that won't hit both
of them will that hit both of that will
hit both of them
dude he's almost dead
[Music]
what's good
use that one
[Music]
yeah he probably would have been okay
but didn't want to risk it
[Music]
now i'm fired up all right now it's dead
it's oh it is so dead i don't even need
to
don't even need to do with the combo
thing we'll just attack it regularly
there we go big chunks of xp
a couple levels some fangs hmm
we'll go back and report in a moment i
want to go ahead and fight one more of
these things
since we're right here
these ones are closer together
so we can probably hit both of them here
a little bit easier
[Music]
still do thousands shot
and hmm
[Music]
do that one laser turn which is also
good
[Music]
i think i'll do protection circle
all right and
we'll do rock call they're weak to that
it says
it didn't do a whole lot of damage uh
you block it
let's coordinate our movement okay
[Music]
uh you block it wait that was the wrong
button
i did the wrong button okay
those are only single
[Music]
i was hoping that would have okay uh
you block it
[Applause]
[Music]
they got me let's coordinate our
movement okay that was bad
[Music]
um
what i would say okay well that could
have gone better now i can go even
further
i got stronger again oh she leveled up
even though she was dead okay
well i didn't get what i was aiming for
i'm kind of thirsty i wonder if it's
okay to do
this oh the chest is up on the next
level okay
well i'm going to leave
[Music]
and i hope that book doesn't
come after me leah do you want me to
draw your portrait
i'll grab just a couple of these on the
way
no need to resist okay and let's
run back home because that was kind of
painful
[Music]
but we uh got the quest done and that's
the important thing
[Music]
and it's even daytime
ran i used the bomb like you asked good
work
what are your thoughts after using the
bomb it surprised me it was more
powerful than i thought
i'm glad i was careful in handling it i
see
there's a lesson i wanted to teach you
through this as i'm sure you're aware
creation is a power inherent to alchemy
however as with the bomb you just used
alchemy also holds the power of
destruction
in other words alchemy holds both
destruction and creation two aspects at
once
destruction and creation yes without
understanding in mind as my final
assignment i will ask you a question
destruction and creation which power do
you desire more
huh if both aspects of alchemy is it
really necessary to choose one
yes there is significance in making a
conscious choice
let me know when you have your answer
i'll be waiting here
[Music]
uh g i wonder
why is it even a separate quest here
have you found your answer yes
i see then i ask you again destruction
and creation which power do you desire
more fierce
the power i desire more is creation and
why is that
the reason i practice alchemy now is
because someone taught me the joy of
making things with alchemy
making things is fun and when i apply
when i can help others with something i
created
it makes me really happy that's why i
want to keep cherishing the power of
creation
that's what i believe i see
i understand your answer now here take
this
huh is this a letter of recommendation
um what was the answer to your question
earlier there is no right answer
as i told you before alchemy holds both
the powers of destruction and creation
but those are powers and nothing more
neither is superior or inferior
good or evil in and of themselves
whichever you see more important is up
to you
i simply wanted to know your motivations
for using that power
motivations for using my power yes
alchemy holds immense power
at times it can be a weapon used to hurt
people in order to avoid abusing alchemy
each alchemist must fully recognize
their own reasons for using their powers
[Music]
your answer to my question revealed to
me who you are you understand your own
objectives to use your power
that's why i can give you my
recommendation for the exam so you may
become the alchemist you seek to be
i'm i'm not entirely sure i understand
you so
in other words it means i believe in you
ferris
i know you work very hard i'm sure
you'll be able to pass the license exam
please do your best i have great
expectations of you
yes thank you very much ren
[Music]
alright now we have three though
i have heard that we should get five
[Music]
are we doing on time yeah we got time
all right let's go to
actually
hmm how are we doing on
money where do i see how much money i
have
how do i even see how much money i have
there's got to be some place where i can
see oh there no that's ideas
um surely someplace i can see how much
money i have
oh there it is i see it right in the
middle of the screen of course five
thousand call
okay
and we are
[Music]
okay i'm gonna
well we know there's a town first first
thing
on the other side of the lake so
let's go ahead and get on the boat
[Music]
and travel across the lake
at least once i get to this zone i can
skip to the end
let me fish one more time here no i
won't bother
yes we're getting on the ship
i like that it doesn't feel the need to
have a
ridiculously long cut scene of traveling
across the lake every single time let's
see there is
chest over here
okay
hmm
there's a big field over there
you're late first
[Music]
oh i thought you went off on your own i
forgot to thank you for letting me ride
the ship so i was waiting here
huh you helped me build the ship so you
didn't need to do that
even if you're okay with it i'm not i
always repay my debts
that's just how i live anyway
about your payment um well
how about i help you during your travels
huh what's that supposed to mean
uh you're so slow i'm saying that i'll
travel with you
what is that really okay yep
i changed my mind it's because you had
such a sad look on your face
anyway there you have it just let me
know whenever you need my help
okay so
[Applause]
yeah no problem let's both keep working
hard to pass that exam
oh that reminds me speaking of the exam
have you collected your letters of
recommendation
i already have three so i'm fine but
what about you ferris
i'm already done collecting my letters
of recommendation
ah i see then there's nothing to worry
about
maybe i got a little too nosy no that's
not true
thanks for worrying about me
okay another potential party member
[Music]
and another recipe
um let's actually oh i found a campfire
you feel like a shop or something ah
what's up
sure ah fierce
what should they come with me i got it
okay so you're in my party but
okay
but you're not really in my party
hmm
so you have the most hp in defense so
you probably should be up front
we'll hold off on putting her actually
in
but i guess she can like bleach xp or
something
hmm probably should go ahead
rest up maybe
[Music]
it's not turning out the way the recipe
says huh
here let me see oh i get it you probably
skipped a step didn't you
oops i forgot to put in this material
but you can tell right away you're
incredible ill
not really you're just incredibly spacey
i guess i'll start all over again hey i
know we all want to do synthesis
together
huh me with you yeah i bet it'll be more
fun together and i think it'll turn out
better too
well i guess you could use my help all
right will you show me the recipe
[Music]
okay we did it yeah it looks good i'm
glad we went well this time
thanks to you well you really are
amazing at synthesis
that was nothing i'm a genius alchemist
after all oh that
you say that a lot don't you so if
you're a genius it means you were born
knowing alchemy
that's not even possible even i had to
study all the time ever since i was
little from dawn to dusk i was always
either at a desk or a cauldron
oh wow i didn't know that's a little
unexpected
but hey i'm a genius and a hard worker
so of course i'm the best right
now let's continue with the synthesis
what do you want to make next
all right then help out
i'll try making the new item it's sunny
bird staff
alright so let's see which way is my
cauldron this way
okay
i wonder um
no one else has any other costumes i
wonder if anyone else does get any other
costumes maybe through dlc at some point
what should i make okay let's see
don't have enough time really to
[Music]
do a whole lot but we can maybe make
something
we can make a new bow
[Music]
hmm
let's do that
[Music]
hmm blue or purple ideally but we don't
have anything that does that
[Applause]
let's sort by quality
let's do one of those how are we doing
on
shapes what are those
and that i guess now the quality of
these is really low
but i guess that's what we have to do
right now well unless i throw
[Music]
another one of these in is this okay
which catalyst should i use hmm
let's do this so we can do more trait
transfers
[Music]
okay let's start
look at this here
[Music]
okay and
that's
[Music]
[Applause]
what treats
increase the skill power by 10 reduces
mp consumption and increases skill power
and
okay so we're reducing mp consumption
we're increasing the skill power by 10
and 12 increasing the skill
cost by 12 but then reducing it by 10 so
it'll cost a little bit more but be much
more effective
okay
[Music]
let's see
let's make a big what clock
should i use i don't think it matters
too much what we do here
so we'll use some of these drunk things
[Music]
material set
materials
don't know if that has an effect but we
can i'm guessing that we place that
somewhere in our uh
[Music]
oh hey i can make a water fountain too
that would be best
let's make a water fountain
[Music]
um
this way
[Music]
not that it likely matters for this but
the principle of the thing you know
[Music]
okay got some good xp out of that too
let's go over here
let's put a clock over there
and this doesn't look like it has an
effect but
[Applause]
let's uh
or the clock there okay
it doesn't do anything but oh well
we got some alchemy xp and spent some
time
people are slightly more healed up
but i think that's going to do it for
right now i hope you are enjoying
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Applause]
[Music]
so
welcome back to let's play atlear ferris
my name is karsten
so we're in a new area and
do we have any particular quests
to reisenberg
[Music]
[Applause]
gather information from the locals okay
you can do that
yeah there's a village called
grow tall beyond the bridge to the south
okay we can stop by there
[Music]
the crazy spooky children disappears i'm
about to talk to them
so to the south huh okay i found some
more
well this is a dead area let's grab some
flowers though
obtain purple flowers
okay
you need to resist you can't eat this
even if you're hungry
all right i'm just looking at the map
here
um there's some wood i should get
i got it oh what did i come up with
okay a new recipe
okay so we can get more of that weird
creepy green stuff still
distant view tower huh
i wonder if it's okay to drink this i
don't see anyone around here
[Music]
okay well it's a mark on our map at
least
oh now someone shows up all right let's
go back and let's see what you have to
say
sure a big island floating in the sky
[Music]
after finding the floating island let's
try going there
alright well i'm sure we'll show up
eventually
[Music]
let's see
let's go vaguely south ish since there's
supposedly a village
south ish i see a bridge
or something
[Music]
um
well they say it'll be a piece of cake
except there's that big thing that i'm
not sure about
ah let's see
[Music]
that thing hurts okay
that was a lot of damage now i want to
make sure
she doesn't die saving this for an
emergency
[Music]
yeah that was kind of painful
um it says it'll resist that but it's
down to 49 hp
so we can probably just attack it down
at this point
[Music]
yeah we can take care of this decent
hunting practice i guess
i need to get stronger okay well we got
some hoodie balls
and treasure more putty balls
um
[Music]
well bridge is broken
so you won't be able to for a while
haven't been able to get enough building
stones to fix it
if you go north there's an observation
institute hq and beyond that there's a
village in the snowy mountains
[Music]
should i bring broken stones so they can
fix it or think of a way to fix the
bridge while i take the detour
or wait for the bridge to be fixed even
if it takes time
hmm
[Music]
how many do you need 25 building stones
no hmm
well i could gather some up let me see
[Music]
here
but let's drop off what we have here at
least
[Music]
and let's see um
if we look at our yeah
let's see here it'll be difficult
okay good idea hmm
level 19 and doesn't give a whole lot of
hints
[Music]
it's not even something we can use idea
points for
[Applause]
hmm
[Music]
i might give you this because you keep
almost dying
that consumes less mp
hmm
[Music]
i might give you that
give you a bit better armor too
[Music]
okay so the new staff thing i found out
was for ill okay
hmm
well let's start taking a look around
here
[Music]
and let's see what we can find as far as
materials in this area
see what these get i thought of a new
item
okay well we came up with a recipe for
something
battle enthusiasm
all right so
[Music]
hmm
i don't think it's for that
[Music]
okay so that's
the new metal
[Music]
now let's keep gathering from here
it's good to have materials anyway
[Music]
not sure
where the best place to get building
stones is though
so i wonder if we can actually look that
up
where's the broken stones right
or explains silent labyrinth in this
time huh
well i don't want to go back across the
bridge again
so it looks like we have a cave up here
let's check in this cave bridge crossing
cave
i hit my forehead it's too dark in here
oh hello
we should end this quickly
[Music]
and let's see a thousand shots
probably should do more healing between
battles like some people said
yeah that's painful
[Music]
um resist resist
resist common skill
hmm
damaging continuous damage let's see
what that does
[Music]
quit going after her
um
[Music]
all right i'm gonna have to use this
revive from ko and hope
that she uh doesn't get killed again
right away
you're okay
[Music]
[Applause]
now i'm fired up all right
that will only hit one of you all right
well
we'll do that since it'll head again
later just to make sure
these are only hitting once
[Music]
uh you guard you have the most hp still
that's still only hitting one of them
let's heal you up let's coordinate our
movement
[Applause]
now i'm fired up
[Music]
um
okay
[Music]
all right
okay it's broken
there we go that was annoyingly
difficult
got a bunch of levels out of it
and whatever that is
[Music]
it's morning you're so cute today too
serious
[Music]
well this is tough to break through
okay nothing from there huh
[Music]
okay what did i think up
something
still not that
[Music]
okay that's a new thing
you that griffin being with the group of
the poonie outside makes me real
scared to fight that puny
i'm gonna try to avoid encounters
as much as i can
i'm getting a little tired but i'm still
fine um
so are we yes we are on the other side
of the bridge well that was an easy
shortcut
anything special
oh that thing looks nasty
no there we go
[Music]
let's take a quick look over towards
grab some of that
and this
i'll take this